Add ARCHITECTURE.md for the NuGet.Client repository (#7228)
NuGet/NuGet.Client: .github/skills/architecture-doc-generator/SKILL.md

3. **Identify the products** — Determine the distinct artifacts the repo ships (executables, libraries, extensions, packages). Ask the user to describe the products if it is not obvious.
4. **Map the projects** — For each project/crate/package, read its build file to understand target frameworks, dependencies, and purpose. Read key source files to understand entry points and major types.
5. **Extract dependencies** — Parse the DGML file programmatically (e.g., with a Node.js script) to extract the real internal dependency graph. Do not rely on agent summaries for dependency data.
6. **Verify claims** — Cross-check target frameworks, dependency directions, and public/internal classifications against the actual source. Do not trust agent summaries blindly.
7. **Write the document** — Follow the structure and guidelines above. Keep it concise — every recurring contributor will have to read it.
8. **Review with the user** — The document will likely need domain-specific corrections. Be prepared to iterate.

## Reference

> The current `ARCHITECTURE.md` for NuGet.Client at `Q:\src\Nuget.Client\ARCHITECTURE.md` is an example of the output this skill produces. Use it as a reference for tone, structure, and level of detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current `ARCHITECTURE.md` at the root of this repository is an example of the output this skill produces. Use it as a reference for tone, structure, and level of detail.
```
